feat: adds Concepts documentation (#521)
cloudposse/docs: content/glossary/root-module.md

---

> title: "Root Module"

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: "Terraform Root Module"
```

> description: "Every Terraform configuration has at least one module, known as its root module, which consists of the resources defined in the .tf files in the main working directory. Root modules are the terraform configuration that we actually **apply**."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: "Every Terraform configuration has at least one module, known as its root module, which consists of the resources defined in the `.tf` files in the main working directory. Root modules are the terraform configuration that we actually **apply**."
```

Author: I've explained the difference between root modules and reusable child modules a bunch of times and I've never thought about mentioning that root modules actually manage state... duh. 👍

tags:
- Terraform

> - Module

Reviewer: Component

terms:
- Terraform
- Module
- Root Module
---

> Terraform overloads the word "module", but it comes down to "root" and "child" modules. Root modules are the terraform working directory projects that we actually plan and apply while child modules are the reusable modules that we consume in root modules. [You can read more about this in Terraform documentation](https://www.terraform.io/docs/language/modules/index.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Terraform overloads the word "module", but it comes down to "root" and "child" modules. Root modules are the most opinionated, top-level terraform modules (typically found in the current working directory). They describe the architecture you want to deploy. It's these "root" modules that we actually run `terraform plan` and `terraform apply` apply on, while child modules are the reusable modules that we invoke in root modules. [You can read more about this in Terraform documentation](https://www.terraform.io/docs/language/modules/index.html).
```

---
title: "Terraform Root Module"
description: "Every Terraform configuration has at least one module, known as its root module, which consists of the resources defined in the `.tf` files in the main working directory. Root modules are the terraform configuration that we actually **apply** and have terraform state."
tags:
- Terraform
- Module
- Component
terms:
- Terraform
- Module
- Root Module
---

> Terraform overloads the word "module", but it comes down to "root" and "child" modules. Root modules are the most opinionated, top-level terraform modules (typically found in the current working directory). They describe the architecture you want to deploy. It's these "root" modules that we actually run `terraform plan` and `terraform apply` on, while child modules are the reusable modules that we invoke in root modules. [You can read more about this in Terraform documentation](https://www.terraform.io/docs/language/modules/index.html).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Terraform has two types of modules; the top-level module is always called the "root" module and the modules that are called from the root module are called "child" modules. Root modules are the most opinionated. They describe the architecture you want to deploy. It's these "root" modules that we actually deploy when we run the `terraform apply` command. The "root" modules may contain many child modules or none at all. The "child" modules reusable modules that we invoke in root modules. [You can read more about this in Terraform documentation](https://www.terraform.io/docs/language/modules/index.html). Generally, when we refer to "modules" we mean "child modules". 
```
